[Feature]: Adds distilled LoRA support for diffusion models (#2783)
vllm-project/vllm-omni: docs/user_guide/diffusion/lora.md

# LoRA (Low-Rank Adaptation) Guide

> LoRA (Low-Rank Adaptation) enables fine-tuning diffusion models by adding trainable low-rank matrices to existing model weights. vLLM-Omni supports two LoRA backends: **PEFT** for PEFT-style adapters, and **Distill** usually for few-steps inference. **PEFT** backend allowing you to customize model behavior without modifying the base model weights. **Distill** backend fuse LoRA weights into the base model at initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LoRA (Low-Rank Adaptation) enables fine-tuning diffusion models by adding trainable low-rank matrices to existing model weights. vLLM-Omni supports two LoRA backends: **PEFT** for PEFT-style adapters, and **Distill** usually for few-steps inference. **PEFT** backend allows you to customize model behavior without modifying the base model weights. **Distill** backend fuses LoRA weights into the base model at initialization.
```

## Overview

LoRA adapters are lightweight, model-specific fine-tuning weights that can be applied to diffusion models in two ways:

> - **PEFT backend** (`--lora-backend peft`, default): Loads a PEFT-format adapter folder via `DiffusionLoRAManager`. Adapters are cached (LRU) and activated per request via `LoRARequest`. It uses a unified LoRA handling mechanism s similar to vLLM with LRU cache management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PEFT backend** (`--lora-backend peft`, default): Loads a PEFT-format adapter folder via `DiffusionLoRAManager`. Adapters are cached (LRU) and activated per request via `LoRARequest`. It uses a unified LoRA handling mechanisms similar to vLLM with LRU cache management.
```

> - **Distill backend** (`--lora-backend distill`): Calls `pipeline.load_lora_weights` once at initialization to fuse one or more concrete checkpoint files directly into the base weights. Typically used for distilled few-step LoRAs (e.g. Lightning, LightX2V).

Reviewer: I think some pipelines doe not suport distill backend LoRA. Only those with `pipeline.load_lora_weights` can support it, right?

Could you provide a supported pipelines table in this doc, for distill backend LoRA?

Reviewer: Besides, if some pipelines do not support distilled backend LoRA, but users passed ` --lora-backend distill --lora-path`, will there be any warning message?

Author: warning messages added
